---
title: blog 2
layout: post
author: alex.coyne
permalink: /blog-2/
source-id: 1WJCN-MtJQ085HQOctkUShqb9ZZ_MSjJqEwoLSYSy9Mw
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Coding</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>26/08/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Finished the first exercise.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To complete half of the 2nd exercise.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> I completed the full exercise which meant I did more than I thought I would have done.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson we were either finishing off what we did last lesson or starting a new topic. In this topic you had to program the computer so that it would some subtraction. In this case we had to see how many boys there were in the class by telling the computer how many people where  in the class and the amount of girls. Also there was another exercise about apples and when you ate an apple one would go from the total. It would keep going down until there were none left, where it stopped doing this pattern.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson there were lots of minor mistakes which were hard to spot. This includes not putting a space where there should be one and putting a space where there shouldn't be one. This meant it kept coming up with error when ever you tried to run the program. On the apple part of the exercise there was a problem where it kept going down and would never stop which firstly didn’t make sense where you were eating either no apples or minus amount of apples. This means we had to fix the problem so it would stop on zero.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I won’t rush into the work and try to so much that I miss some silly spaces or letters or even capitals. My lesson is not to rush into things.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


