---
title: Computer
layout: post
author: alex.coyne
permalink: /computer/
source-id: 1G5VknzsJ644zTOy1bGI4OFK04gDoml_Pq-DJcvFoOkI
published: true
---
**Computer**

**Peripherals**

Peripherals are the inputs and the outputs to make the thing work. This includes for a printer input scanner and output printer. Peripherals is also it's storage. A computer Inputs are the mouse keyboard, mouse and a webcam. It’s outputs are screen, printer, speaker and headphones, the storage is the hard drive.

**Computer Components**

The computer components are what makes up the computer. The hard drive collects and keeps all of the long term storage in it. The RAM  is where all the short term memory is stored. Central Processing Unit (also known as CPU) is the brains of the computer as it is where it is all programed

**Malware**

Malware is two words joined together to make one word, the two words are malicious and software. It is a word for overall the types of things that can attack your device,. This includes; viruses, spyware, worms and trojans which I will be discussing all of them later.

**Virus**

A virus is a program that can attack your device including computer, tablet, phone etc. A virus can spread over your device easily and quickly. It might slow down your device or even lose all your documents and applications. This is what all the malware have to start off with.

**Worm**

A worm is different to a virus as it doesn't need to attach to other programs. A worm can copy itself as many times it once too. You can write a email and send it to a specific person and the worm will send it to all of your contacts. The difference is that it can see and change what you are doing on the computer.

**Trojan**

A trojan can also be called a trojan horse. It pretends to be a safe and healthy program but when you download it, can attack your device. The reason why it is called Trojan as it is named after the group of trojan warriors who gave the city of troy a wooden horse and they thought it was a present but it was actually full of soldiers who after they wheeled  it in attacked. This tricks you into thinking it is a good link (you won something) but you have clicked a link that allows them to access your computer.

**Zombinet**

Zombinet can also be called botnet. This is where people can use viruses on lots of different computers, to make the computers there zombies or bots. These computers can join together to spread the virus quicker. This can cause several thousand computers to have the virus on. It can lead to fraud and crime. The difference between this problem and the other problems is that each of the computers work together to get the virus another computer.

 

